In this lesson we are going to add new feature to our application
that allows the creator of the question to accept
the particular answer as the best answer. I'm sure you've
already know the logic behind his future because
we went over it in
the previous section of this course.
But now we will implement that logic and
make this accept button works.
All right let's head over to our terminal
and here let's create new branch by saying:
git checkout -b lesson-20.
Now let's open answers underscore index.blade.php
and then go to accept button. Here the button
So here we'll need a form and submit it
when the creator of the question hitting this button.
So here let me put this to a new line.
And here we can say on click
and firstly we need to stop the default action of this anchor
by calling event prevent default.
And then we need to select the element or the form
in this case we can do that with saying document
get element by id. the id is going to be
accept answer
and concatenate with ID of the answer to make the form unique.
And after we have selected a form we can submit it.
Now here we can define the form
so form the id will be accept answer followed by answer's id
and this should be match
with this
and then the action will be route
answers dot accept and pass the answer ID
and last the method will be post
close the form.
Actually here we need to make sure that the form is hidden
by specify style and inside it we'll say display none.
Also don't forget to add csrf token by saying `csrf` directive
All right
Now let's define this answers dot accept route.
Let's open routes web.php
and here let's define a new route by saying
route double colons post
the uri is going to be answers
answer accept and the action is going to be
accept answer controller
just like this
the name will be answers
dot accept
so ideally we need to specify what method in here
such as store edit or whatever
but for now I'll introduce you about single action controller so as the name suggest single action controller
is a controller
that only handle a single action.
And because we only have a single action in the controller here we don't need to specify the action
name.
Now let's create the accept answer controller using
artisan. Head over to our terminal and here we can
say: `php artisan make:controller AcceptAnswerController`
alright let's opened the accept answer controller
here let's important the namespace of the answer model
and here we should define our action name as
double underscore invoke.
And here we can also define an argument and type-hint to answer.
Inside here
for now let's show a message
so
when we define the action like this without any method
name laravel will be assume that the method will
be called is this invoke method.
All right let's save all changes
and let's see if it works as we expect.
Let's find our own question
and here let's randomly accept the answer as best answer
Ups I get error
let me see the token
here I made typo.
This should be csrf save reload again.
Now I have the token here
let me hit this button once again.
All right
here we have accept the answer message show up.
Now let's go back to invoke method.
And here let's remove this line
and here we can accept the answer as best answer by
modify the best_answer_id in the question model. We
will encapsulate that logic in the question model.
And here we can say answer question accept best answer
and pass in the answer
instance
So we will create this method shortly
but for now let's refresh the page by saying return back.
And in this case I think we don't need to show any flash message.
So we only need just this common. All right
the last thing that we should do is define this
Accept best answer method in our question model.
So let's open the question model
and here
let's create new method so public function accepts
best answer and provide an argument
answer instance in this case
inside this method we simply call this best answer
id equals answer
id
and then we can call this save
alright
let's save all changes
and here we have request submitted so
we can simply reload a page and hit continue.
All right
here we can see the answer is green color which mean
it has been accepted as best answer
Great.
Let me click another answer
and now the best answer changing to this one.